nodemon:-
        nodemon is a command line tool which is used to restart automatically application once any changes occur

package.json:-
        package.json is a main configuration file of the application.
        Manifest file of the project which is contain all the information of the project.
        Which is contain information like project name, author name.

package-lock.json:-
        package-lock.json is a file that is automatically generated by npm when a package is installed.
        It records the exact version of every instslled dependency, including its sub-dependecies and their versions.

Asynchronous Vs Synchronous:-
        Sync is a single-thread,so only one operation or program will run at a time.
        Async is multi-thread, which means operations or programs can run in parallel.
        Async is non-blocking, which means it will be

Promise:-
        allowing us to handle the result of an asynchronous task once it has completed or throw an error.
        Promise are used in ES8 async function.

callstack:-
        A call stack is a mechanism used by programming language to keep track of the execution of functions or methods.
        When a function is called, it is added to the top of the call stack, and when it returns.
        the call stack is important because it enssure that the programexecutes in the correct.

API:-Application programing interface
        https://www.flipkart.com.api/register.php
        json:-javascript object notation
        array and object format
        npm i node-fetch

Routing:-
        Routing refers to how an application's endpoint(URIs) respond to client requests.
        Routing using methods of the Express app object thai correspond to HTTP
        method.
        for example, app.get()

req.query:-
        req.query is a request object that found in a URL.
        THese query strings are in key-value form.
        They start after the question mark in any url.
        Andif there are more than one, they are separated with the ampersand.

        Route path = /name=Abhay&subject=Node

structure:-
        projectname
        |-src // server side all data contain in src folder
                |-routes
                        |-main.js
                |-models
                app.js(main executable file)
        |-public //all assets will contain in public folder
                |-css
                |-js
                |-images
        |-view //all designing files
                |-partial //global part of html pages
                index.hbs

       //* npm i dotenv body-parser hbs *//

express.Router():-
        express.Router() function which is used to create a new router object.
        This function is used when you want to create a new router onject.

        syntax:
                express.Router()
        Router Instance is a middleware.

Commonjs module system and ES6 module system:
        Node.js's original module system is CommonJs(Which uses require and module.export).
        ECMAScript module system(which uses import and export) has become standard and Node.js has added support for it.
        Node.js will treat .cjs files as CommonJs modules and .mjs files as ECMAScript modules. It will treat .js files as whatever the default module system for the project is (which is CommonJs unless package.json says "type":"module",).

Load Static HTML File in express:-
        In static templates, we cannot pass custom variables and customize the template based on our needs. In dynamic temlates, we can pass dynamic variables and render HTML files with different values.

Dynamic HTML template engine:-
        Template engine helps to create an HTML template with minimal code. Also, it can inject data into an HTML template.
        At runtime, the template engine replaces variables in a template file with actual values, and transforms the template into an HTML file sent to the client.

Popular Template Engine:
        EJS:-
                Embedded Javascript Template(EJS) use for lightweight solution, creating HTML markup with simple Javascript code.
        Handlebars:-
                Improves developer's productivity. Improves readability and maintainability(HBS).
        Mustache:-
                Mustache is a logic-less templating engine , it canbe literallyused for any kind of development work.
        Pug:-
                pug is 2x slower than Handlebars,EJS,Underscores.

HTML partials:-
        Handlebars allows for template reuse through partials.
        Partials are normal Handlebars templates that may be called directly by other template.
                Handlebars.registerPartial('myPartial','{{prefix}}');

                {{>myPartial}}
